docs: Reference new main links (#613)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/js/faq.mdx

The SAP cloud SDK for JavaScript is developed and maintained by the experienced team at SAP. Publishing the SDK as Open Source allows anyone to benefit from library value adds, instantly contribute new functionality, faster fix issues, and speed up feature development.

### Can I contribute to the SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript?

> We're happy to accept and review your valuable contribution. For details on contributing check our [quick guide](https://github.com/SAP/cloud-sdk/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Author: ```suggestion
We are happy to accept and review your valuable contribution. For details on contributing check our [quick guide](https://github.com/SAP/cloud-sdk/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
```

> ### Can I contribute to the SDK for JavaScript?

Author: ```suggestion
### Can I contribute to the SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript?
```
